Before Dachi can be deployed in the wild, you will have confirm the configuration is correct. The default values are
often insufficient (unless you are working from an existing project). The configuration files are stored using the JSON
format and are structued in a well defined format. At the very least, you should confirm that the `dachi.json` and
`database.json` files have the correct information. A full listing of all configuration files and their options is
available in Appendix A.

### Environment
Dachi configuration files are structued by environnment. The **/config/** folder should always contain three subfolders,
one for each environment level. Each level overrides the previous level (local overrides development, development
overrides production). This means you can omit any configuration files that are unneeded from development and local.
```php
Request::getEnvironment(); // => "development"
Request::getEnvironment(); // => "production"
Request::getEnvironment(); // => "local"
```

The current active environment will always be `local` unless a `dachi_environment` is created in the root of your
project. This file should typically be generated by some form of Continuous Integration and should contain the required
environment level.
```none
wiz@universe myproject> cat dachi_environment
production
wiz@universe myproject> _
```

### Apache
Dachi uses Apache at the core to redirect all URIs into the main `src/index.php` file. You should confirm that the
`RewriteBase` is correctly set in the `.htaccess` file. (Other web servers can be used so long as they support PHP and
you redirect all requests to `src/index.php?dachi_uri=THE_URI_OMITTING_DOMAIN` (i.e.
`src/index.php?dachi_uri=/samples/13/view`)
```htaccess
RewriteEngine on

# Set this to the path to the Dachi root
RewriteBase /your/web/path/
```

### Grunt
Grunt is implemented and currently used for generating a concatenated bower css/js file and concatenated project assets.
There is currently no support for per-project Grunt actions. Grunt is configured using the configuration files prefixed
with `grunt.`.